hey guys what's up welcome to part of
the dungeon you hardly ever seeks it's
usually complete mess but I've been
cleaning down here trying to make things
look a lot better I got on my Reba stuff
over here in my lights got my RC of
stuff over here and the studio you
normally see is over there somewhere
anyway a little follow-up video and when
I started yesterday I was talking about
some speakers like a handle so i can do
solo gigs thanks for all your very all
of your input i've been reading all of
your suggestions looking them up a lot
of the stuff you guys suggesting is
still pretty heavy for me I've got 12
inch speakers over here powered speakers
right around 40 pounds each way too much
way for me I'm thinking 30 segement too
much I'm thinking closer to 20 but I
wanted to give you guys a little better
perspective of what I've got as far as
movement goes in a lot of you people
think that oh well his arms screwed up
but you know the rest of them knows
pretty good well not the case my legs
still screwed up so a lot of it's a
balance issue too but I got a speaker
stand here by Frankenstein that works
really well I want to show you how I can
handle it real easy to set up look at
that that's perfect 10 you're down just
a little bit and I got a speaker stand
no problem now the challenge is to get a
speaker on top of here let us see how
that works out see this guy is a little
too heavy for me to handle we're gonna
try it I'm gonna put a lot of effort
into this but as you can see I'm not
walking very well my leg I don't have a
lot in my this lake my ankles kind of
screwed up but here check this out let's
see we can do about as high as I'm able
to go it's a lot of weight try a
different approach grab it from the side
all right oh man yeah see I got it up
there sure wasn't easy though it's still
in heaven in the hole yet so far away I
am from that hole and we're getting
closer
i mounted it wasn't easy but I was able
to do it the speaker was half that way
like I said around 20 pounds I think
would work out real well no these are
our CF 722 ways very loud loud loud
speakers for big venues I'm looking at
the RCF 7088 which is a little eight
inch speaker but the Franken stands are
cool and puffin puffin in the respect
that their new manic does not really
hydraulic through manic cuz I got a
shock for burr in here hydraulics water
nematic his gas so if i unscrew this I
can't go up very high because my
ceilings were low down here as you can
see the speaker goes up now these
speaker stands are supposed to be for a
much have a much heavier speaker
supposed to be easy up easy down but
right now it's just easy up the down
beats a little tough so I got order
different stance from franken stand to
make the easy up easy down option happen
for me not exactly easy down but I got
it down so Frank and stands are
definitely my solution for the stands to
get the speakers up in the air but yeah
still having a puff it over getting that
40-pound speaker up there as you can see
I struggle with it but we made it happen
again 20 pounds is probably more like it
if we're going to go with a setup like
this otherwise there's some HKS stuff
I'm going to look at while I Vanessa or
ultra lee i might go ahead and look at
those bows those l once those l1
compacts pretty nice a lot of money
though two thousand dollars for a set
but it's an option so there you go quick
video practice and enjoy